Hello everyone and welcome to this python tutorial in the previous video redefined and finished our
whole model for our deep Q network and in this video.
Our goal is to build a trade function that takes a state as an input and spills out an action to perform
in the particular state we are going to define it as that trade.
That takes only one argument and that is our state for that state.
We need to determine whether should we use and the random generated action or should we use our model
to perform that action to do that right.
If random and that is our library dot random and if this random number is less than or equal to our
Epsilon in only that case we are going to return and a random action.
So we have to return random and from this function and we will call Rand arrange the rand rage function
can take multiple arguments.
But in this case we are going to provide only stop point.
We are going to provide self-doubt action space and it will randomly select a number between zero and
free not including free so meaning 0 1 and 2 if this is not the case or the random generator number
is bigger than epsilon we are going to use our model to choose an action to perform so to do these right
actions is equal to self doubt model that we defined in the previous video and for the argument right
here we are going to provide our state we need to return a single number.
So we are going to use our empty dot our max to return only an action which has the highest probability
as the argument for the ARG Max will put actions of zero because of the output shape and that's it.
We define our trade function rules repeat what this function does it takes the state as an input and
then generates a random number.
If that the generated number is less than or equal to epsilon at the very beginning it is going to be
always less than epsilon.
This function will return totally random they generated or truth in numbers between 0 or 2 and that
is our actions then.
If this is not the case this function will call our model and perform prediction based on the input
state and return only and the action that has the highest probability or the likelihood between those
free actions and that's it for now in the next video will define our custom train function.
If you have any questions or comments so far please post them in the comments section otherwise I'll
see you in the next tutorial.